your videos out of focus yes that's what you call
introduction hey people in this video
again a tweet video for you
and that's about protect photos
protect photos is free in the cd
available and what you can join
I show you now protect photos can
her the photo album app completely per
password protection and not just the
Of course, the photo album app also the
Camera app and all related apps
the just on the photo album on the
to grab photo albums
however, we still have this trick
the option all other apps with one
password
we actually go for just once in
the settings and look
protect photos now we need as
first enter a password what I
really very good
before getting any settings
You have to do that as you said
enter password and my password is
just do not do anything this simple
ok that is to say now my
password as yes to those just times
to show faster
so now we have some slider here
or disable and ableton enable buttons
and protect photo under the under
this button or respectively
slider is then again something for
a function of the first
is fotoprojekt foto there will be
photo albums so the photo app locked at
protect camera you can imagine
camera locked away at protect photos in
all apps so if you have that
photo albums by others so by third
apps from third-party apps on the photo albums
whoever is able to access it here too
a password will be set up
then we have protect photos here
in wallpaper yes if we in the
Settings at wallpaper are
we first got a wallpapers and
choose albums if we can
password entered when we got it
enabled here so we still pay
times and indeed application projects yes that
is really cool and although can now
really every app i can give it to you
Just show it here
I have only disabled around so far
such a show
and that's really cool too and then
we still have set password as I said
for me there is nothing now that could be something
type in and click on return and then
This password will be too
set up
So I'll just show you that too
locked with me yes is such an empty one
password I say here so it looks
the whole thing works out perfectly
impeccable everything and for that it
it's really nice for free
Let's look at it the whole time like us
we get that in, of course
Let cydia load and search
just after protect photos as I said
if you do not find the app resp
This quote would just have to cdu
update completely current
and then the whole thing would have to be
Pop up
you just go on top of installing
confirm and then you have the whole
and I liked the video
and of course also helped
if you do not miss any new videos
you want to be able to do this
subscribe to youtube-channel on twitter
follow or my facebook fanpage licon
all links below in the video
description see many thanks for
pure skin